lib: modem_info: Update RSRP/RSRQ calculation (#17528)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`modem_info_readme` library:

  * Updated:

    * To use the :ref:`at_parser_readme` library instead of the :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme` library.

>     * The formulas of RSRP and RSRQ values in :ref:`RSRP_IDX_TO_DBM` and :ref:`RSRQ_IDX_TO_DB` based on AT command reference guide updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The formulas of RSRP and RSRQ values in :c:macro:`RSRP_IDX_TO_DBM` and :c:macro:`RSRQ_IDX_TO_DB` based on AT command reference guide updates.
```

>       The formulas are now aligned with the modem implementation which has not changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The formulas are now aligned with the modem implementation that has not changed
```

      but the AT command reference guide has not been up to date with the modem implementation.

  * Removed ``RSRP_OFFSET_VAL`` and ``RSRQ_OFFSET_VAL`` from the API.

>     Clients should have used the :ref:`RSRP_IDX_TO_DBM` and the :ref:`RSRQ_IDX_TO_DB` macros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Clients should have used the :c:macro:`RSRP_IDX_TO_DBM` and the :c:macro:`RSRQ_IDX_TO_DB` macros.
```

* :ref:`modem_info_readme` library:

  * Updated:

    * To use the :ref:`at_parser_readme` library instead of the :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme` library.
    * The formulas of RSRP and RSRQ values in :c:macro:`RSRP_IDX_TO_DBM` and :c:macro:`RSRQ_IDX_TO_DB` based on AT command reference guide updates.
      The formulas are now aligned with the modem implementation that has not changed
      but the AT command reference guide has not been up to date with the modem implementation.

>   * Removed ``RSRP_OFFSET_VAL`` and ``RSRQ_OFFSET_VAL`` from the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Removed ``RSRP_OFFSET_VAL``, ``RSRQ_OFFSET_VAL`` and ``RSRQ_SCALE_VAL`` from the API.
```
